README.md, before:

[linuxserverurl]: https://linuxserver.io
[forumurl]: https://forum.linuxserver.io
[ircurl]: https://www.linuxserver.io/irc/
[podcasturl]: https://www.linuxserver.io/podcast/
[appurl]: http://codiad.com/
[hub]: https://hub.docker.com/r/lsioarmhf/codiad/

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)][linuxserverurl]

The [LinuxServer.io][linuxserverurl] team brings you another container release featuring easy user mapping and community support. Find us for support at:
* [forum.linuxserver.io][forumurl]
* [IRC][ircurl] on freenode at `#linuxserver.io`
* [Podcast][podcasturl] covers everything to do with getting the most from your Linux Server plus a focus on all things Docker and containerisation!

# lsioarmhf/codiad
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/lsioarmhf/codiad "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/lsioarmhf/codiad "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)][hub][![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)][hub][![Build Status](https://ci.linuxserver.io/buildStatus/icon?job=Docker-Builders/armhf/armhf-codiad)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Builders/job/armhf/job/armhf-codiad/)

[Codiad][appurl] is a web-based IDE framework with a small footprint and minimal requirements. We have added a few plugins. More can be added in the marketplace in the WebUI

* Collaboration - https://github.com/Codiad/Codiad-Collaborative
* Terminal - https://github.com/Fluidbyte/Codiad-Terminal
* CodeGit - https://github.com/Andr3as/Codiad-CodeGit
* Drag and Drop - https://github.com/Andr3as/Codiad-DragDrop


[![codiad](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/codiad.png)][appurl]

## Usage

```
docker create \
--name=codiad \
-v <path to data>:/config \
-e PGID=<gid> -e PUID=<uid>  \
-p 80:80 \
lsioarmhf/codiad
```

## Parameters

`The parameters are split into two halves, separated by a colon, the left hand side representing the host and the right the container side. 
For example with a port -p external:internal - what this shows is the port mapping from internal to external of the container.
So -p 8080:80 would expose port 80 from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port 8080
http://192.168.x.x:8080 would show you what's running INSIDE the container on port 80.`


* `-p 80` - the port(s)
* `-v /config` -
* `-e PGID` for GroupID - see below for explanation
* `-e PUID` for UserID - see below for explanation

It is based on alpine linux with s6 overlay, for shell access whilst the container is running do `docker exec -it codiad /bin/bash`.


### User / Group Identifiers

Sometimes when using data volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container. We avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`. Ensure the data volume directory on the host is owned by the same user you specify and it will "just work" ™.

In this instance `PUID=1001` and `PGID=1001`. To find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id <dockeruser>
    uid=1001(dockeruser) gid=1001(dockergroup) groups=1001(dockergroup)
```

## Setting up the application 
`IMPORTANT... THIS IS THE ARMHF VERSION`

* use /config/projects to save your projects, for data persistence
* change /config/www/plugins/Codiad-CodeGit-master/shell.sh to add Git User/Pass
* change /config/www/plugins/Codiad-Terminal-master/emulator/term.php to change terminal password
* if when loading projects you get a constant spinner, use the following command in the contaier to remedy.

`sed -i 's!\(mb_ord\)!codiad_\1!g;s!\(mb_chr\)!codiad_\1!g' /config/www/lib/diff_match_patch.php`

## Info

* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime `docker logs -f codiad`.

* container version number 

`docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' codiad`

* image version number

`docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' lsioarmhf/codiad`



## Versions

+ **04.09.18:** Rebase to alpine 3.8.
+ **09.01.18:** Rebase to alpine 3.7.
+ **29.05.17:** Rebase to alpine 3.6.
+ **03.05.17:** Update to php 7.1x.
+ **07.03.17:** Initial Release

Commit message:

add sed to configure projects folder

README.md, after:

[linuxserverurl]: https://linuxserver.io
[forumurl]: https://forum.linuxserver.io
[ircurl]: https://www.linuxserver.io/irc/
[podcasturl]: https://www.linuxserver.io/podcast/
[appurl]: http://codiad.com/
[hub]: https://hub.docker.com/r/lsioarmhf/codiad/

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)][linuxserverurl]

The [LinuxServer.io][linuxserverurl] team brings you another container release featuring easy user mapping and community support. Find us for support at:
* [forum.linuxserver.io][forumurl]
* [IRC][ircurl] on freenode at `#linuxserver.io`
* [Podcast][podcasturl] covers everything to do with getting the most from your Linux Server plus a focus on all things Docker and containerisation!

# lsioarmhf/codiad
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/lsioarmhf/codiad "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/lsioarmhf/codiad "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)][hub][![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/lsioarmhf/codiad.svg)][hub][![Build Status](https://ci.linuxserver.io/buildStatus/icon?job=Docker-Builders/armhf/armhf-codiad)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Builders/job/armhf/job/armhf-codiad/)

[Codiad][appurl] is a web-based IDE framework with a small footprint and minimal requirements. We have added a few plugins. More can be added in the marketplace in the WebUI

* Collaboration - https://github.com/Codiad/Codiad-Collaborative
* Terminal - https://github.com/Fluidbyte/Codiad-Terminal
* CodeGit - https://github.com/Andr3as/Codiad-CodeGit
* Drag and Drop - https://github.com/Andr3as/Codiad-DragDrop


[![codiad](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/codiad.png)][appurl]

## Usage

```
docker create \
--name=codiad \
-v <path to data>:/config \
-e PGID=<gid> -e PUID=<uid>  \
-p 80:80 \
lsioarmhf/codiad
```

## Parameters

`The parameters are split into two halves, separated by a colon, the left hand side representing the host and the right the container side. 
For example with a port -p external:internal - what this shows is the port mapping from internal to external of the container.
So -p 8080:80 would expose port 80 from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port 8080
http://192.168.x.x:8080 would show you what's running INSIDE the container on port 80.`


* `-p 80` - the port(s)
* `-v /config` -
* `-e PGID` for GroupID - see below for explanation
* `-e PUID` for UserID - see below for explanation

It is based on alpine linux with s6 overlay, for shell access whilst the container is running do `docker exec -it codiad /bin/bash`.


### User / Group Identifiers

Sometimes when using data volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container. We avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`. Ensure the data volume directory on the host is owned by the same user you specify and it will "just work" ™.

In this instance `PUID=1001` and `PGID=1001`. To find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id <dockeruser>
    uid=1001(dockeruser) gid=1001(dockergroup) groups=1001(dockergroup)
```

## Setting up the application 
`IMPORTANT... THIS IS THE ARMHF VERSION`

* use /config/projects to save your projects, for data persistence
* change /config/www/plugins/Codiad-CodeGit-master/shell.sh to add Git User/Pass
* change /config/www/plugins/Codiad-Terminal-master/emulator/term.php to change terminal password
* if when loading projects you get a constant spinner, use the following command in the contaier to remedy.

`sed -i 's!\(mb_ord\)!codiad_\1!g;s!\(mb_chr\)!codiad_\1!g' /config/www/lib/diff_match_patch.php`

## Info

* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime `docker logs -f codiad`.

* container version number 

`docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' codiad`

* image version number

`docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' lsioarmhf/codiad`



## Versions

+ **26.09.18:** Add sed to init file to configure projects folder correctly.
+ **04.09.18:** Rebase to alpine 3.8.
+ **09.01.18:** Rebase to alpine 3.7.
+ **29.05.17:** Rebase to alpine 3.6.
+ **03.05.17:** Update to php 7.1x.
+ **07.03.17:** Initial Release
